OpenTelemetry (S3M) Collector Docs and Getting Started revisions (#1872)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/send-data/opentelemetry-collector/data-source-and-configurations/collect-tracing.md

description: Learn how to collecting tracing
---

Default installation of Sumo Logic Distribution for OpenTelemetry Collector goes with default endpoints for tracing collection in OTLP format:

* `localhost:4317` for GRPC
* `localhost:4318` for HTTP

If you would like to run collection on different ports, you can save a configuration like the following as `conf.d/expose-otlp.yaml`:

```yaml
receivers:
  otlp:
    protocols:
      grpc:
        endpoint: 1.2.3.4:4317
      http:
        endpoint: 0.0.0.0:4318
```

:::note
The configuration is going to be applied for `metrics/default`, `logs/default`, and `traces/default` defined in `sumologic.yaml`. If you'd like to create a new independent pipeline, use the following content for `conf.d/expose-otlp.yaml`

```yaml
receivers:
  otlp/exposed:
    protocols:
      grpc:
        endpoint: 1.2.3.4:4317
      http:
        endpoint: 0.0.0.0:4318
service:
  pipelines:
    traces/exposes:
      receivers:
        - otlp/exposed
      processors:
        - memory_limiter
        # you can add custom processors here, if you would like to filter or modify the data
        - batch
      exporters:
        - sumologic
```

:::

:::note

> Refer to [Additional Configurations Reference](/docs/send-data/opentelemetry-collector/data-source-and-configurations/additional-configurations-reference/) for more details about OpenTelemetry configuration

Author: ```suggestion
Refer to the [Additional Configurations Reference](/docs/send-data/opentelemetry-collector/data-source-and-configurations/additional-configurations-reference/) for more details about OpenTelemetry configuration
```

---
id: collect-tracing
title: Collect Tracing
sidebar_label: Collect Tracing
description: Learn how to collecting tracing
---

Default installation of Sumo Logic Distribution for OpenTelemetry Collector goes with default endpoints for tracing collection in OTLP format:

* `localhost:4317` for GRPC
* `localhost:4318` for HTTP

If you would like to run collection on different ports, you can save a configuration like the following as `conf.d/expose-otlp.yaml`:

```yaml
receivers:
  otlp:
    protocols:
      grpc:
        endpoint: 1.2.3.4:4317
      http:
        endpoint: 0.0.0.0:4318
```

:::note

> The configuration is going to be applied for `metrics/default`, `logs/default` and `traces/default` defined in `sumologic.yaml`.
> If you would like to create new independent pipeline, use rather the following content for `conf.d/expose-otlp.yaml`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The configuration is going to be applied for `metrics/default`, `logs/default` and `traces/default` defined in `sumologic.yaml`. If you'd like to create new independent pipeline, use the following content for `conf.d/expose-otlp.yaml`
```
